Add code actions doc (#6)
wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin: en/docs/edit-the-code/code-actions.md

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-type-inference.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for missing check expressions

The code actions below are available for missing check expressions.
- `Add 'check' error`: Add a check statement when there is an error union.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-missing-check-expressions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for check expressions

The code actions below are available for check expressions.
- `Surround with do/on-fail`: Surround a check expression with do/on-fail clause. 

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-check-expressions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for imports

The code actions below are available for imports.
- `Import a module`: Add the import statement for a module, which has a reference without an import statement. This supports only the language library and the standard library.

> - `Pull unresolved module`: Pull locally unavailable Ballerina packages from the Ballerina Central repository.

Author: how about `Pull Ballerina package/packages from Ballerina central that is/are imported in the source and is/are unavailable locally.`?

#### Quick fixes for incompatible types

The code actions below are available for incompatible types.
- `Change variable type`: Change the type of variable.
- `Add type cast`: Add a type cast for the incompatible type.
- `Fix return type`: Change the incompatible return type.
- `Change parameter type`: Change the type of function/ method parameter.
- `Add conditional default value`: Add a conditional default value for the incompatible type.
- `Convert to 'xml'/'string' template`: Add a subtype for a raw template.
- `Add type cast for numeric expressions` Add a type cast for an unsupported numeric expression.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-incompatible-types.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-incompatible-types2.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for functions

The code actions below are available for creating functions.
- `Create function`: Create a function using the selected variables/parameters.

> - `Implement method`: Implement the selected method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Implement method`: Implement an unimplemented method declared by an included object type.
```

> - `Implement all`: Implement all the methods of an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Implement all`: Implement all the methods declared by an included object type.
```

- `Add explicit return statement`: Add an explicit return statement to a function.

> - `Convert to public function` : Add access modifier to a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Convert to public function` : Add `public` access modifier to a function definition.
```

- `Add isolated qualifier`: Add isolated qualifier to a function.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-functions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-functions2.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for records

The code actions below are available for records.
- `Create record`: Create a record for an unknown type.

> - `Fill record fields`: Add missing record fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Fill record fields`: Add missing record fields to a mapping constructor expression.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-records.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for annotations

The code actions below are available for annotations.

> - `Convert to constant`: Convert an annotation declaration to a constant declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Convert to constant`: Convert an annotation declaration to a constant annotation declaration.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-annotations.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

### Refactoring actions

> Refactoring actions are suggested when existing code can be rearranged or restructured to improve the quality and maintainability of your project while ensuring that the overall behavior of the code remains unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refactoring actions are suggested when existing code can be rearranged or restructured to improve the quality and maintainability of your code while ensuring that the overall behavior of the code remains unaffected.
```

#### Extract to code actions

- `Extract to constant`: Extract a constant expression to a constant.
- `Extract to function`: Extract an expression or a statement to a function.
- `Extract to local variable`: Extract an expression to a local variable.
- `Extract type`: Extract anonymous records to record types.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/extract-to-actions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Rewrite code actions

> - `Map with a query expression`: Convert RHS variable assignment to a query expression. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Map with a query expression`: When both right hand side (RHS) and left hand side (LHS) types are array types, convert the RHS to a query expression. Users can later modify the query expression with additional clauses and mappings.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/rewrite-actions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

### Source actions

Source actions are used to generate common code structures and recurring elements.

#### Source actions for generating getters and setters

- `Create a getter`: Generate a getter for class-level variables.
- `Create a setter`: Generate a setter for class-level variables.
- `Create getter and setter`: Generate both getter and setter for class-level variables.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/source-actions-for-getters-and-setters.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Source actions for variables

> - `Type guard variable`: Type guard a variable if the variable is of the union type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Type guard variable`: Type guard a variable if the variable type is a union type.
```

# Code actions

> The Ballerina VS Code extension provides code actions for the two scenarios below.

Reviewer 2: Is this a better intro:

```
[Code Actions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/refactoring#_code-actions-quick-fixes-and-refactorings) is a feature in the VS Code Editor that enables quick fixes and code refactoring suggestions when issues are detected in the code. 

The Ballerina VS Code extension enables the following code actions when issues are detected in your Ballerina code.

> Note
   [Learn more](link to diagnostics page) about how to identify issues (diagnostics) in your Ballerina code.

```

> 1. Quick fixes for selected diagnostics

Reviewer 2: What do we mean by `selected diagnostics`?

2. Refactoring to improve code readability and suggest best practices

> ### Quick fixes

Reviewer 2: ## and not ###

Quick fixes are suggested based on the diagnostics displayed at a given cursor position.

> The Ballerina VS Code extension provides a wide range of quick fixes to such diagnostics.

Reviewer 2: Is this the exclusive list of quick fixes for diagnostics? If so, we can say be more specific and say something like the following:

```
The Ballerina VS Code extension provides quick fixes for [diagnostics](link to page) identified in your Ballerina code as explained below.
```

@praneesha

Author: We do not provide quick fixes for every diagnostic in ballerina. Instead, for a small percentage of diagnostics, quick fixes are provided.

#### Quick fixes for variable assignment

> The code actions below are available for creating a variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code actions are available as quick fixes when the `Variable assignment required` diagnostic is identified in your code:
```

> - `Create variable`: Create a variable for an expression where the `Variable assignment required` diagnostic is present.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Create variable`: Create a variable for an expression in which the `Variable assignment required` diagnostic is present.
```

- `Create variable and type guard`: Create a type guard to handle the error gracefully when the `Variable assignment required` diagnostic is present.
- `Create variable and check error`: Add a check expression when the `Variable assignment required` diagnostic is present.

> - `Ignore return value`: Ignore the return value of a function call or a method call with `_` where the `Variable assignment required` diagnostic is present.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Ignore return value`: Ignore the return value of a function call or a method call with `_` in which the `Variable assignment required` diagnostic is present.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-variable-assignments.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for type inference

The code actions below are available for type inference.

> - `Create variable with type`: Create a variable for a remote method expression where the `Cannot infer the 'typedesc' argument for parameter` diagnostic is present.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Create variable with type`: Create a variable for a remote method expression in which the `Cannot infer the 'typedesc' argument for parameter` diagnostic is present.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-type-inference.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for missing check expressions

The code actions below are available for missing check expressions.

> - `Add 'check' error`: Add `check` keyword when the selected expression's type is a subtype of `error` or a union with `error` member while the expected type isn't/doesn't contain `error`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Add 'check' error`: Add the `check` keyword when the selected expression's type is a subtype of `error` or a union with an `error` member while the expected type isn't/doesn't contain an `error`.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-missing-check-expressions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for check expressions

The code actions below are available for check expressions.

> - `Surround with do/on-fail`: Surround a check expression with do/on-fail clause.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Surround with do/on-fail`: Surround a check expression with a do/on-fail clause.
```

> - `Change return type to 'error?'`: Change the return type of function/method to `error?`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Change return type to 'error?'`: Change the return type of a function/method to `error?`.
```

- `Remove import`: Remove an unused or re-declared module import.
- `Remove all unused imports`: Remove all unused imports except when there is a re-declared import statement.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-imports.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for documentation

The code actions below are available for documentation.

- `Document this`: Add the documentation to the closest documentable node.
- `Update documentation`: Update the existing documentation when parameters are missing or not documented. This depends on the warning diagnostics issued by the compiler.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-documentation.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for incompatible types

The code actions below are available for incompatible types.

- `Change variable type`: Change the type of variable.
- `Add type cast`: Add a type cast for the incompatible type.

> - `Change return type`: Change the incompatible return type of function/method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Change return type`: Change the incompatible return type of a function/method.
```

> - `Change parameter type`: Change the type of function/ method parameter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Change parameter type`: Change the type of a function/ method parameter.
```

- `Add conditional default value`: Add a conditional default value for the incompatible type.
- `Convert to 'xml'/'string' template`: Convert a raw template into a subtype (`xml` or `string`).
- `Add type cast for numeric expressions` Add a type cast for an unsupported numeric expression.

> `Change variable type`, `Change parameter type`, `Add type cast` and `Change return type` quick fixes in action.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Change variable type`, `Change parameter type`, `Add type cast`, and `Change return type` quick fixes are demonstrated below.
```
This sentence is incomplete.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-incompatible-types.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

> `Add conditional default value` and `Convert to 'xml'/'string' template` quick fixes in action.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Add conditional default value` and `Convert to 'xml'/'string' template` quick fixes are demonstrated below.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-incompatible-types2.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for functions

The code actions below are available for creating functions.

- `Create function`: Create a function when there's an undefined function invoked by a function call expression.
- `Implement method`: Implement an unimplemented method declared by an included object type.
- `Implement all`: Implement all the methods declared by an included object type.
- `Add explicit return statement`: Add an explicit return statement to a function.

> - `Convert to public function` : Add `public` access modifier to a function definition.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Convert to public function` : Add a `public` access modifier to a function definition.
```

> - `Add isolated qualifier`: Add isolated qualifier to a function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Add isolated qualifier`: Add an isolated qualifier to a function.
```

> `Create function`, `Implement method` and `Implement all` quick fixes in action.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Create function`, `Implement method`, and `Implement all` quick fixes are demonstrated below.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-functions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

> `Add explicit return statement`, `Convert to public function` and `Add isolated qualifier` quick fixes in action.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Add explicit return statement`, `Convert to public function`, and `Add isolated qualifier` quick fixes are demonstrated below.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-functions2.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for records

The code actions below are available for records.

- `Create record`: Create a record for an unknown type.
- `Fill record fields`: Add missing record fields to a mapping constructor expression.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-records.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for annotations

The code actions below are available for annotations.

- `Convert to constant`: Convert an annotation declaration to a constant annotation declaration.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-annotations.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Other quick fixes

> - `Convert to readonly clone`: Convert an expression `e` to `e.cloneReadOnly()`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Convert to readonly clone`: Convert an `e` expression to `e.cloneReadOnly()`.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: intro

- `Ignore unused variable`: Ignore an unused variable.
- `Make construct pubic`: Make a construct public where the `attempt to expose non-public symbol` warning is present.
- `Convert module variable to listener declaration`: Convert a module var declaration statement to a listener declaration.
- `Remove unreachable code`: Remove unreachable statements.

> `Convert to readonly clone`, `Ignore unused variable` and `Remove unreachable code` quick fixes in action.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Convert to readonly clone`, `Ignore unused variable` and `Remove unreachable code` quick fixes are demonstrated below. 
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/other-quick-fixes.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

The `Make construct pubic` quick fix is demonstrated below.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/other-quick-fixes2.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

The `Convert module variable to listener declaration` quick fix is demonstrated below.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/other-quick-fixes3.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

### Refactoring actions

Refactoring actions are suggested when the existing code can be rearranged or restructured to improve the quality and maintainability of your code while ensuring that the overall behavior of the code remains unaffected.

#### Extract to code actions

> 

Reviewer 2: intro

- `Extract to constant`: Extract a constant expression to a constant.
- `Extract to function`: Extract an expression or a statement to a function.
- `Extract to local variable`: Extract an expression to a local variable.
- `Extract type`: Extract anonymous records to record types.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/extract-to-actions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Rewrite code actions

> 

Reviewer 2: intro

- `Map with a query expression`: When both right-hand side (RHS) and left-hand side (LHS) types are array types, convert the RHS to a query expression. You can modify the query expression with additional clauses and mappings later.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/rewrite-actions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

### Source actions

Source actions are used to generate common code structures and recurring elements.

#### Source actions for generating getters and setters

> 

Reviewer 2: intro

- `Create a getter`: Generate a getter for class-level variables.
- `Create a setter`: Generate a setter for class-level variables.
- `Create getter and setter`: Generate both getter and setter for class-level variables.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/source-actions-for-getters-and-setters.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Source actions for variables

> 

Reviewer 2: intro

- `Type guard variable`: Type guard a variable if the variable type is a union type.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/source-actions-for-variable.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Source actions for imports

> 

Reviewer 2: intro

- `Optimize imports`: Optimize import statements to remove unused imports and arrange imports in alphabetical order.

>   <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/source-actions-for-imports.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

Reviewer 2: intro

#### Quick fixes for variable assignment

The following code actions are available as quick fixes when the `Variable assignment required` diagnostic is identified in your code.

- `Create variable`: Create a variable for an expression.
- `Create variable and type guard`: Create a type guard to handle the error gracefully.
- `Create variable and check error`: Add a check expression.
- `Ignore return value`: Ignore the return value of a function call or a method call with `_`.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-variable-assignments.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for type inference

The following quick fixes are available for type inference.

- `Create variable with type`: Create a variable for a remote method expression in which the `Cannot infer the 'typedesc' argument for parameter` diagnostic is present.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-type-inference.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for missing check expressions

The following quick fixes are available for missing check expressions.

> - `Add 'check' error`: Add the `check` keyword when the selected expression's type is a subtype of `error` or a union with an `error` member while the expected type isn't/doesn't contain an `error`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Add 'check' error`: Add the `check` keyword when the selected expression's type is a subtype of `error` or a union with an `error` member while the expected type doesn't contain an `error`.
```

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-missing-check-expressions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for check expressions

The following quick fixes are available for check expressions.

- `Surround with do/on-fail`: Surround a check expression with a do/on-fail clause.
- `Change return type to 'error?'`: Change the return type of a function/method to `error?`.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-check-expressions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for imports

The following quick fixes are available for imports.

- `Import module`: Add the import statement for a module that has a reference without an import statement.

> - `Pull unresolved module`: Pull Ballerina package/packages from Ballerina central that is/are imported in the source and is/are unavailable locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Pull unresolved module`: Pull one or more Ballerina packages (which are imported in the source and are unavailable locally) from Ballerina central.
```

- `Remove import`: Remove an unused or re-declared module import.
- `Remove all unused imports`: Remove all unused imports except when there is a re-declared import statement.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-imports.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for documentation

The following quick fixes are available for documentation.

> - `Document this`: Add the documentation to the closest documentable node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Document this`: Add the documentation to the closest node that can be documented.
```

- `Update documentation`: Update the existing documentation when parameters are missing or not documented. This depends on the warning diagnostics issued by the compiler.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-documentation.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for incompatible types

The following quick fixes are available for incompatible types.

- `Change variable type`: Change the type of variable.
- `Add type cast`: Add a type cast for the incompatible type.
- `Change return type`: Change the incompatible return type of a function/method.
- `Change parameter type`: Change the type of a function/method parameter.
- `Add conditional default value`: Add a conditional default value for the incompatible type.
- `Convert to 'xml'/'string' template`: Convert a raw template into a subtype (`xml` or `string`).

> - `Add type cast for numeric expressions` Add a type cast for an unsupported numeric expression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Add type cast for numeric expressions`: Add a type cast for an unsupported numeric expression.
```

#### Quick fixes for records

The following quick fixes are available for records.

- `Create record`: Create a record for an unknown type.
- `Fill record fields`: Add missing record fields to a mapping constructor expression.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-records.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Quick fixes for annotations

The following quick fixes are available for annotations.

- `Convert to constant`: Convert an annotation declaration to a constant annotation declaration.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/quick-fixes-for-annotations.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Other quick fixes

- `Convert to readonly clone`: Convert an `e` expression to `e.cloneReadOnly()`.
- `Ignore unused variable`: Ignore an unused variable.
- `Make construct pubic`: Make a construct public where the `attempt to expose non-public symbol` warning is present.
- `Convert module variable to listener declaration`: Convert a module var declaration statement to a listener declaration.
- `Remove unreachable code`: Remove unreachable statements.

> The `Convert to readonly clone`, `Ignore unused variable` and `Remove unreachable code` quick fixes are demonstrated below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Convert to readonly clone`, `Ignore unused variable`, and `Remove unreachable code` quick fixes are demonstrated below.
```

The `Convert module variable to listener declaration` quick fix is demonstrated below.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/other-quick-fixes3.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

## Refactoring actions

Refactoring actions are suggested when the existing code can be rearranged or restructured to improve the quality and maintainability of your code while ensuring that the overall behavior of the code remains unaffected.

#### Extract to code actions

The following refactoring actions are available for extracting expressions.

- `Extract to constant`: Extract a constant expression to a constant.
- `Extract to function`: Extract an expression or a statement to a function.
- `Extract to local variable`: Extract an expression to a local variable.
- `Extract type`: Extract anonymous records to record types.

  <img src="https://github.com/wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin/blob/main/en/docs/img/extract-to-actions.gif?raw=true" width="100%" />

#### Rewrite code actions

The following refactoring actions are available as rewrite actions.

> - `Map with a query expression`: When both right-hand side (RHS) and left-hand side (LHS) types are array types, convert the RHS to a query expression. You can modify the query expression with additional clauses and mappings later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Map with a query expression`: When both the right-hand side (RHS) and left-hand side (LHS) types are array types, convert the RHS to a query expression. You can modify the query expression with additional clauses and mappings later.
```

# Code actions

> ## Types of Code actions

Reviewer: We don't need this 2nd level heading. Instead let's just say
```
In VS Code, Code Actions can provide both refactorings and Quick Fixes for detected issues
```
(copied from vscode docs)

### QuickFixes

QuickFixes are suggested based on the diagnostic displayed at a given cursor position.

> #### Code Actions for Create Variables

Reviewer: Shall we change this to `Quickfixes for variable assignment required` diagnostic. And move `Create variable with type` to a separate section like `Quickfixes for type inference`?

The code action types below are available for creating a variable.
- `Create variable`: Create a variable for an expression where the `Variable Assignment Required` diagnostic is present.
- `Create variable and type guard`: Create a type guard to handle the error gracefully when the `Variable assignment Required` diagnostic is present.
- `Create variable and check error`: Add a check expression when the `Variable assignment Required` diagnostic is present.
- `Create variable with type`: Create a variable for a remote method expression where the `Cannot infer the 'typedesc' argument for parameter` diagnostic is present.
- `Ignore return value`: Ignore the return value with the `_` where the `Variable Assignment Required` diagnostic is present.

> #### Code Actions for Union Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Quick fixes for missing check expressions
```

The code actions below are available for union-type variables.
- `Add check error`: Add a check statement when there is an error union.

> #### Code Actions for Imports

Reviewer: Let's name this section `Quick fixes for imports`. Same for the following topics under quick fixes section. Let's start the topic as `Quick fixes for xxx`
